README.md, before:

# Repo for Challenge 9

This repo is under construction.

## Acceptance Criteria 

GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

Commit message:

Updating my README manually because my appliaction still does not work LOL

README.md, after:

# FREE! README Creator tool!

## Navigate To:
* [Description](#description)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Guidelines](#guidelines)
* [Demonstration](#demonstration)
* [Questions](#questions)
* [Credits](#credits)

## Description 

Having quality README documentation for all of your repositories is a crucial step into becoming a well established developer. Using this simple command line tool to create and generate a fully fleshed out README file to act as the face of your projects withing GitHub is just what every developer needs to make their work easier and less time consuming!

Being able to produce and showcase a high quality README really can show the attention to detail as well as the precision the developer has when working on projects. Not only that, but being able to explain the purpose for development, the components of the project, and the functionality are all factors into the creation process of completing a exceptional README. 

Use this FREE and easy tool to benefit your work life today!
